📃 Add Angular documentation (#378)
grafana/faro-web-sdk: docs/sources/tutorials/use-angular.md

## Use with Angular application

> Create file `faro-initializer.ts` and add your SDK configuration :

Reviewer: Remove white space before colon:

```suggestion
Create file `faro-initializer.ts` and add your SDK configuration:
```

```typescript
import { initializeFaro } from '@grafana/faro-web-sdk';

export function faroInitializer(): Function {
  return async () => {
      initializeFaro({
          url: 'https://collector-host:12345/collect',
          apiKey: 'secret',
          app: {
              name: 'frontend',
              version: '1.0.0',
          },
          instrumentations: [...getWebInstrumentations({ captureConsole: true, captureConsoleDisabledLevels: [] })]
      });
  };
}
```

> In the `app.module.ts` init faroInitializer function :

Reviewer: Let's use not an abbreviation and teh full word instead.
Remove white space before colon.

```suggestion
In the `app.module.ts` initialize the `faroInitializer` function:
```

```typescript
import { APP_INITIALIZER, NgModule } from '@angular/core';

@NgModule({
    providers: [
        {
            provide: APP_INITIALIZER,
            useFactory: faroInitializer,
            deps: [], // <-- Add your dependencies here 
            multi: true,
        }
    ],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> Well done this stage all your logs will be captured and sent to Grafana Faro !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this stage all your logs will be auto-captured and sent to Grafana Faro!
```

However, you will not see any errors in the Error Awareness page.

> By default Angular errors are printed in the console and cannot be captured with the `kind=exception` flag of the Grafana Faro SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Angular errors are printed to the console and cannot be automatically captured as a Faro error log.
```

> The solution involves implementing and customizing Angular's default ErrorHandler class and using the Faro API to capture errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution involves implementing and customizing Angular's default ErrorHandler class and manually capturing exceptions at a global level by using the Faro API to capture errors.
```

> Create a file `global-error-handler.ts` and add the following code :

Reviewer: Remove white space before colon.

```suggestion
Create a file `global-error-handler.ts` and add the following code:
```
